# Order-Management-System

**Introduction**:
                Salesforce order Management allows shops to satisfy, manipulate, and carrier orders at scale. We've got constructed it from the floor up to aid a powerful workflow with real-time stock, payment and invoicing, and order allocation and success functions. Plus, we designed it to integrate seamlessly with salesforce b2c commerce, b2b trade, and service cloud out of the container. This unified platform presents holistic get entry to shopper statistics together with order and case histories, and it breaks down the purposeful silos that traditionally hampered the consumer revel.
                  Salesforce order management presents you with equipment to control the orders acquired out of your storefront, including specialized gadgets, moves and APIs, platform activities, and lightning components. You can use them together with Salesforce float, an effective automation machine for imposing commercial enterprise methods at the salesforce platform, to construct custom-designed order control applications. In addition, the order management lightning console app affords default functionality in the Salesforce UI. 
                An Order Management System is a platform that tracks income, orders, stock, and achievement. It allows the people, procedures, and partnerships essential for products to locate their way to the customers who sold them. The result should be a Digital and Automated Experience built on top of the Salesforce Platform where users can perform tasks of storing and keeping a record of data.
